## World Database

This project contains the World database, which includes information about different countries and their attributes. It consists of a modification of the world database available on the official documentation: https://dev.mysql.com/doc/index-other.html

### Tables:

#### country:
- Description: Contains information about different countries.
- Columns:
  - Code: Country code (e.g., "USA" for the United States).
  - Name: Country name.
  - Continent: The continent where the country is located.
  - Region: The region within the continent.
  - SurfaceArea: Total land area of the country.
  - IndepYear: The year of independence (if applicable).
  - Population: The country's population.
  - LifeExpectancy: The average life expectancy in the country.
  - GNP: Gross National Product.
  - GNPOld: Old Gross National Product.
  - LocalName: Local name of the country.
  - GovernmentForm: The type of government.
  - HeadOfState: The head of state.
  - Capital: The capital city's ID.
  - Code2: Country code (2-character version).

#### AverageLifeExpectancy:
- Description: Contains average life expectancy information for different regions. This table was created according to challenge instructions and with the data provided.
- Columns:
  - LifeProm: The average life expectancy value.
  - Region: The region for which the average life expectancy is calculated.

#### PivotTable:

A pivot table has been generated by linking the "AverageLifeExpectancy" table with the "country" table based on the "Region" and "Continent" columns. The result is a table with all the data previously on the "country" table with an added "LifeProm" column.

#### CalculatedAvgLifeExpectancy:
- Description: Contains average life expectancy information for different regions, calculated based on the data on the "country" table.
- Columns:
  - AvgLifeExpectancy: The average life expectancy value (calculated)
  - Continent: The region for which the average life expectancy is calculated.

#### CalculatedAvgPivotTable:

A pivot table has been generated by linking the "CalculatedAvgLifeExpectancy" table with the "country" table based on the "Continent" column. The result is a table with all the data previously on the "country" table with an added "AvgLifeExpectancy" column.The difference from this table to the "PivotTable" is the data for AvgLifeExpectancy was calculated and for all Continents on the "country" table.


